update structure of dlperf-readme (#115)
Oneflow-Inc/DLPerf: README.md

### Evaluated Deep Learning Frameworks

Multiple deep learning frameworks are evaluated in this repository, they are:

1. OneFlow
2. TensorFlow 1.x and 2.x
3. PyTorch
4. MXNet
5. PaddlePaddle

> More frameworks will be included in the future, such as  MindSpore, MegEngine, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More frameworks will be included in the future, such as MindSpore, MegEngine, etc.
```

### Evaluated Deep Neural Network models

> There are two main types of model cases tested in this repository, generally includes : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main types of model cases tested in this repository, generally including: 
```

- Common cases

- Special cases

The first type is classical deep neural network models that used to evaluate the performance of each framework,such as:

1. **ResNet-50 v1.5**
2. **BERT-Base**

> The secode type is that some models use special techniques or frameworks with unique implementations,such as implementation of [Megatron-LM](https://github.com/microsoft/DeepSpeedExamples/tree/a79272cc8b8f0c5b66c803e581a1355341eacb77/Megatron-LM) based on Microsoft's framwork deepspeed,[HugeCTR](https://github.com/NVIDIA/HugeCTR)（Designed for CTR estimation training and implemented by NVIDIA).

Reviewer: 有中文括号，逗号后空格
```suggestion
The secode type is that some models use special techniques or frameworks with unique implementations,such as implementation of [Megatron-LM](https://github.com/microsoft/DeepSpeedExamples/tree/a79272cc8b8f0c5b66c803e581a1355341eacb77/Megatron-LM) based on Microsoft's framwork deepspeed, [HugeCTR](https://github.com/NVIDIA/HugeCTR) (Designed for CTR estimation training and implemented by NVIDIA).
```

### Evaluated Deep Learning Frameworks

6 deep learning frameworks are evaluated in this repository, they are:

1. OneFlow
2. TensorFlow 1.x and 2.x
3. PyTorch
4. MXNet
5. PaddlePaddle

> 6. MindSpore

Reviewer 2: DeepSpeed、HugeCTR也需要加？还是说要放在下面对案例的模型介绍里

Author: 会放在下面

More and more frameworks will be included in the future, such as  MegEngine.

### Evaluated Deep Neural Network models

There are two main types of models tested in this repository, generally includes : 

- Common model 

> - Special model

Reviewer 2: 这里其实用Case会更准确一些？我们有通用的模型评测 ResNet和BERT，类似 general的，然后也有各个案例（Case）

Author: 好的，case确实更合适

### Evaluated Deep Learning Frameworks

Multiple deep learning frameworks are evaluated in this repository, they are:

1. OneFlow

2. TensorFlow 1.x and 2.x

3. PyTorch

4. MXNet

5. PaddlePaddle

> More and more frameworks will be included in the future, such as  MegEngine.

Reviewer: 多了个空格，而且我觉得用 `More` 比 `More and more` 好一点。
```suggestion
More frameworks will be included in the future, such as MegEngine.
```

Author: 已修改

### Evaluated Deep Neural Network models

> There are two main type of model cases tested in this repository, generally includes : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main types of model cases tested in this repository, generally includes : 
```

- Common cases

- Special cases

The first type is classical deep neural network models that used to evaluate the performance of each framework,such as:

1. **ResNet-50 v1.5**
2. **BERT-Base**

> The secode type is that some models use special technologies or frameworks with unique implementations,such as implementation of [Megatron-LM](https://github.com/microsoft/DeepSpeedExamples/tree/a79272cc8b8f0c5b66c803e581a1355341eacb77/Megatron-LM) based on Microsoft's framwork deepspeed、[HugeCTR](https://github.com/NVIDIA/HugeCTR)（Designed for CTR estimation training） based on tensorflow modified by NVIDIA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secode type is that some models use special techniques or frameworks with unique implementations, such as implementation of [Megatron-LM](https://github.com/microsoft/DeepSpeedExamples/tree/a79272cc8b8f0c5b66c803e581a1355341eacb77/Megatron-LM) based on Microsoft's framwork deepspeed, [HugeCTR](https://github.com/NVIDIA/HugeCTR)(Designed for CTR estimation training) implemented by NVIDIA.
```

- `MxNet/`: holds the reproducible scripts and test reports for DNN models from [gluon-nlp](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-nlp)  and [gluon-cv](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv);
- `reports`: holds rounds of DNN's benchmark test reports.

## Summary of Latest Test Results(common cases)

> This section maintains a summary of the results of the common models.For more and more details, please find in [reports](./reports) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section maintains a summary of the results of the common models. For more details, please refer to [reports](./reports) folder.
```

[5]: The MXNet BERT script of the [gluon-nlp](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-nlp/tree/7b7bf60259e28b3bf1f4d70569a7e5c18e2f4b3e/scripts/bert) repository does **NOT** support clip_by_ global_norm operation in Adam optimizer. **W/O clip_by_global_norm** operation, the throughput will be larger and the the fine-tuning accuracy may be lower. So we also tested OneFlow data W/O clip operation for comparison.

## Summary of Latest Test Results(special models)

> This section maintains a summary of the results of the special models.

Reviewer 2: 感觉首页不需要显示这些具体案例的评测，就放报告链接和索引、说明就行吧。
